Xu Ziliang, someone reported that you cheated on the monthly exam.
Is there anything you want to say?
I didn't cheat.
Teacher Deng, don't you believe me?
This matter has already come to a head in Heaven
It's having a huge impact on fertility in schools.
The school wants to give the students an explanation
If you can't tell
We will ask your parents to come and explain the situation.
Don't bring the special training class
Why do we need a fair and fairness playing field?
Teacher, I want to go back and get a review material. Okay.
Xu Deliang's information covers 60% of the exam.
He also said that it is not a stolen question. If it is a stolen question
His next time not reaching full marks is the answer
This was calculated by probability a week before the exam, and I also shared it with two of my classmates
They can form
Then you can call your friend over. 86-year-old examinee, how can you be so embarrassed?
Ok, you said it.
Hey, Lao Lin
Don't tell me
You can be at ease nowhere. The feedback of this far light is very good.
This is recommended by my daughter.
My daughter said that I work at a desk for a long time
Bad for the eyes
This eye protection lamp can make my eyes less tired.
So I thought of you.
Hahaha yes
Old Han from the Education Bureau
Do the basic renovation of teaching here?
He likes our moon shadow lamp very much after the inspection
How about we prepare a set for him to experience?
And that's a good thing.
If this member can be vigorously promoted among students
That's great for protecting students' eyesight. Yeah.
So, um, I'll make a call later and you'll go get a knife
Ok, no problem.
Yo, hey, village chief, you're here
Teacher Liang Zi, he can't cheat
Hadron, tell them
teacher
Xu Ziliang did give us a high temper
Said he analyzed it
But I think
He lied.